OADP-2157: Updating IBM Power and IBM Z systems section (#73935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-ibm-z-test-support.adoc

[id="oadp-ibm-z-test-support_{context}"]
= OADP testing and support for target backup locations using {ibm-z-title}

> {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) 1.1.4 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and OADP 1.1.4 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-first} 1.1.7 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.1.7 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
```

[id="oadp-ibm-z-test-support_{context}"]
= OADP testing and support for target backup locations using {ibm-z-title}

* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-first} 1.1.7 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.1.7 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.

> * {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14 and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.
```

> * {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.

Reviewer: At other sections, you mentioned all the Ocp versions separately but not here? why diff format

Author: Sorry, mistake

> * {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-z-name} running with {product-title} 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-z-name} with {product-title} 4.13 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all S3 backup location targets, which are not AWS, as well.
```
